Explain config patterns in docs + updates to `TemplatedConfigLoader` docs (#1971)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/deployment/aws_sagemaker.md

### Update the project settings

> Now you need to tell Kedro to use the [`TemplatedConfigLoader`](/kedro.config.TemplatedConfigLoader) instead of the default `ConfigLoader` class to read the project configuration and point it to your `globals.yml` file. Open the `src/kedro_tutorial/settings.py` file and set the `CONFIG_LOADER_CLASS` and `CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS` variables:

Reviewer: There's some ambiguity here.  

```suggestion
Now you need to tell Kedro to use the [`TemplatedConfigLoader`](/kedro.config.TemplatedConfigLoader) instead of the default `ConfigLoader` class  by setting the `CONFIG_LOADER_CLASS` accordingly. 

You also need to point Kedro to your `globals.yml` file. 

To make both changes, open the `src/kedro_tutorial/settings.py` file and set the `CONFIG_LOADER_CLASS` and `CONFIG_LOADER_ARGS` variables:
```
